Document the removal of the `language` and `user` properties from `Mailbox` (#203)
WoltLab/docs.woltlab.com: docs/migration/wsc54/php.md

To properly render embedded objects whenever you are using comments in your packages, you have to use `ViewableCommentList`/`ViewableCommentResponseList` in these places or `ViewableCommentRuntimeCache`/`ViewableCommentResponseRuntimeCache`.
While these runtime caches are only available since version 5.5, the viewable list classes have always been available so that changing `CommentList` to `ViewableCommentList`, for example, is a backwards-compatible change.

## Emails

> The `Mailbox` and `UserMailbox` classes no longer store the passed `Language` and `User` objects, but the ID instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Mailbox` and `UserMailbox` classes no longer store the passed `Language` and `User` objects, but the respective ID instead.
```

> This reduces the size of the serialized email when stored in the background queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change reduces the size of the serialized email when stored in the background queue.
```

> If you inherit from the `Mailbox` or `UserMailbox` classes you might experience issues if you directly access the `$this->language` or `$this->user` properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you inherit from the `Mailbox` or `UserMailbox` classes, you might experience issues if you directly access the `$this->language` or `$this->user` properties.
```

> Adjust you class to favor composition over inheritance if possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adjust your class to use composition instead of inheritance if possible.
```
